a guy's state over here welcome to
another super loot unboxing this is the
January unboxing it's now for bri but
we've had a few issues with the delivery
and you've got the box over the weekend
so yeah for I'll be as quick as I can so
yeah let's open it up I've got taking
the sellotape off so we just go straight
in now and have a look inside so what we
got first we have a cool looking t-shirt
this is as you can see a Rubik's Cube
with Minecraft characters on so it kind
of fits in with my theme of my channel
kind of retro 80s style t-shirt believe
ya with Stephen a couple of creepers on
couple of blocks taken out of the the
white area there at the red area on the
side yeah it's cool really nice call it
our bit least whether this is a special
design for super Lou I'm not sure it's
good quality t-shirt a fruit of the loom
yeah really nice i like that that's cool
we wearing that whatever bring that a
larger raised and that we're going to
next month end of end of march that
should be cool what's the next item some
pinto pinto candy floss like pick candy
floss so that's really nice keeps the
energy levels up your sugar but that's
really good what else have we got got a
yeah ah five percent off this must be
the company that made the county for
produced the candy floss or sold the
candy floss candy hero get your candy
for less so you get five percent off
candy hero code there Peter wants that
code there you go it's there I might be
using it so first come first served go
for it get some stuff from candy hero
the usual super loop postcard yeah
they're cool so check out super lube cut
at UK you too can get a box of goodies
like this I also we've got here a mario
star online yard draw the call good for
press passes and stuff like that maybe
at events
for concert stuff but yeah that's cool
that's really nice little Mario lanyard
what's this my fav some more jelly beans
got loads of them recently as well but
yeah they're cool so there's some more
jelly beans also some everlasting
gobstoppers before you break my teeth /
like you we have them but I might find
someone to give them to really cool XO a
creeper sticker if you've seen ash dubs
giveaway recent his minecraft giveaway
you'd have seen this sticker so that's
really cool so I've got my own one she's
brilliant and also you probably would
have seen this in there as well creeper
necklace it's quite cool I think it's
quite my fashion but um yeah nice so
nice turkey gobble my shelf quite nice
it's cool William and one other little
thing in here before the bonus item this
is a couple of comics as well this is
the flash flash on this side and another
one on this side mais the front isn't
yeah we will now consider the case of
prominent yeah so that's prevent fear
and that one's a flash a couple of my
comics there which is really good and
this brings me to the last item boxes
falling on the floor nice tartar misses
them the man of steel blu-ray this is a
bonus item which kind of explains the
theme of my intro of the video yeah so a
man of man of steel blu-ray through you
see the man of steel I haven't seen this
yet so perhaps him at the end of the
recent signal films then it's what great
reviews but it's a free blu-ray to who
can complain and this so its own on what
it makes the whole box really good value
so if you do obviously want to get some
super looped and it's worth doing they
say they get some good offers on good
good deals on there too good stuff this
month as well so yeah brilliant check
out www DK send them pictures of your of
your loot either a video like I'm doing
or some photographs put on them on their
twitter page on their Facebook page and
you may be chosen to get some free
goodies in your in your next box yeah
which is what I've got there with me
with the DVD or blu-ray so yeah hope you
enjoy guys
and yeah we'll see you again soon thanks
for watching bye